What is a guy in Malcolm X so you're going to be adding some more stuff.
Basically the counters that we have and some more animation that's going to look amazing.
OK so let's just come here and what we want to do is that we need to add a hitting right here.
I want to track this.
I'm going to drop it right here.
I want to come here.
And this hitting should be in the center.
OK.
The heading style should be white.
There we go.
And I want to come here to typography and choose the size increase this case this much.
Let's go to the font family and this should be open zens OK.
I want to go to the vate in the Bay should be great.
OK.
I need to give some of the padding from the top so that it should look good.
I want to come here to the petting and I want to increase this.
Let's uncheck this so that it doesn't apply to all the sides you want just to apply from the top right
here.
So when I come here and I want to pressed above the and of the keyboard
OK I want to come here and I want to change this to be boo Khala by numbers.
Ok that's cool.
I need to just change the fondo fade a bit.
OK.
And I also want to decrease this to be like this.
Ok cool.
I want to come here.
I needed that divider.
So I'm just going to go I'm here.
OK we don't have any dividers yet.
I want to go from here to the divider.
I want to it and drop a tray here.
This is here.
I want to go to the SOL add the vate should be to a tree and the color should be white.
There should be Center and the bed should be aligned to center.
The it should be this the gapping should be yes what should be cool.
OK.
I want one more thing and that will be the main thing that we need some counters right here.
So if you go down you can see that this is the counter that is coming.
We have.
We want to add these.
OK let's just come here and drop it free here so you can see this counter has been added but we need
to enter some more counters to what I want to do.
I want to come here and I want to just remove the widget.
I just need some columns right here.
I want to drag them and I want to drop it right below.
OK.
And I want the column to be
so I want four columns
OK.
Yes I can just stretch it to be full folded as well if I want to.
OK I'll just get in here.
Eldership forbit so you can see that this is now full width.
I want to go to I want to go to this right here and I want to track this the counter.
So this is here.
Now I want to change this.
I just basically want to change this to be starting number ending number so ending number would be
so.
We have
this should be
hard.
There's delivery so we have delivered this much hardware.
OK.
I want to go to the Steinway here.
I want to go to the numbers so my number color can be green.
OK.
And my title color should be white hey this looks cool.
Or I think the number color can be the purple with the purple is not visible.
This is looking amazing.
OK let's go with it.
No no no.
I think I like this one.
OK.
Now you can see this is looking pretty well.
Now what I want to do I want to come here and I want to hate to duplicate.
I want to duplicate it so that I don't just edit it every time I want to get here.
I want to hit the gate gate again.
There we go.
I just want to drag it and drop a trick here drag it and dropped a tray here and drag it and drop it
right here.
So this much pretty much saved a lot of time.
OK.
I want to game here right here and I want to change this to be like
I need to be
number suffix in me.
This one I want to change this to be like 85 percent satisfied customer.
OK.
Now we want to change this three here so it's just like that.
Or just change it to be like one to five.
And this can be
so cool.
I want to change this to be like Hi there.
And there's to be an award.
So this company has received so many awards OK you can see that.
OK.
I need to just come here and I need to give some batting from below site.
I'm just basically editing this whole section.
I want to go to the advanced tab and I want to go to the bard imbedding.
I want to come here and I need to increase the betting.
So there we go.
Go.
I would increase the betting to the top as well.
OK.
Does looks amazing you can see how this is looking.
If I just go right above you can see this is about section we have for your in and we have a book called
by numbers.
This is looking cool.
I want to come here and I want to hit save and again see that everything is saved right now.
So things like watching this in the next video we're going to be adding some more things right here
and that's going to be fun.
681 and.